feat(django): add doc on automatic db migrations for django (#1966)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/languages/python/django/2000-01-01-start.md

scalingo -a app-name env-set ALLOWED_HOSTS=app-name.osc-fr1.scalingo.io,example.com
```

> ### Automatic database migrations

Reviewer: Titles in English:

```suggestion
### Automatic Database Migrations
```

Author: Yup, I'll do this

If your Django application is related to a database, you can set it up to deploy automatically after a deployment, 

> thanks to the [postdeploy hook]({% post_url platform/app/postdeploy-hook %}).

Reviewer: I don't understand what "deploying automatically" a database means. You may have used the wrong word?

Author: This is totally bad worded, I will check that

> If your Django application is related to a database, you can set it up to migrate your database schema automatically 
> after a deployment, thanks to the [postdeploy hook]({% post_url platform/app/postdeploy-hook %}).

Reviewer: question: sorry I didn't noticed it at the first review. But I think that having a database is mandatory for a Django application. Hence I'm not sure the beginning of this sentence is mandatory.
```suggestion
You can configure a [postdeploy hook]({% post_url platform/app/postdeploy-hook %}) to migrate your database schema automatically after a deployment.
```

> Database migrations in Django are separated in two steps :

Reviewer: no space in English:

```suggestion
Database migrations in Django are separated in two steps:
```

Author: i'll never get those

- `python manage.py makemigrations`, which creates migrations files from model change
- `python manage.py migrate`, which applies the migration file to the related database

Because `makemigrations` modifies the source code, this command must be done on your computer, and the created

> migration files committed to Git. This is not a command to execute on your postdeploy hook.

Reviewer: not sure butI think it's more correct:

```suggestion
migration files committed to Git. This is not a command to execute in your postdeploy hook.
```

Author: Well why not, I'll include them

> The `migrate` command is the one to execute to apply to migrations to your database. You can add it to your `Procfile`
> like this :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `migrate` command is the one to execute to apply to migrations the your database. You can add it to your `Procfile`
like this:
```
